Here are the five most popular songs in the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles chart, for the week ending December 12, 2015.

The 2016 Grammy nominations were publicized on December 7, and three of the four acts on the countdown made the list.

Number 5: The Weeknd "The Hills"

The Weeknd bounces back a slot to fifth place with "The Hills". He competes in seven Grammy categories, including Record of the Year and Album of the Year. In fact, The Weeknd tied with Taylor Swift for second place among all nominees.

Number 4: Justin Bieber "What Do You Mean?"

Justin Bieber rebounds a notch to fourth place with his former chart-topper "What Do You Mean?" Justin earned a 2016 Grammy nomination for Best Dance Recording for "Where Are U Now", his collaboration with Skrillex and Diplo. If he comes through, it would be his first Grammy victory in three tries.

Number 3: Drake "Hotline Bling"

Our number three artist, has already won a Grammy, and could take home five more. Drake marks time in third place with "Hotline Bling". He won a Grammy Award in 2013 when Take Care grabbed the gold for Best Rap Album. He's currently running in five categories - but fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar leads the field of all Grammy nominees with 11.

Number 2: Justin Bieber "Sorry"

Justin Bieber spends another week in the runner-up slot with "Sorry." I imagine Justin will be in the audience on February 15, 2016...that's when the 58th annual Grammy Award ceremony takes place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.

Number 1: Adele "Hello"

Adele spends a fifth week atop the Hot 100 Pop Singles chart with "Hello".

When the 2016 Grammies are handed out, Adele won't be in line. The reason is very simple: she didn't meet the submission deadline. The Grammy web site states that eligible recordings had to have been released between October 1, 2014 and September 30, 2015. Neither "Hello" nor the 25 album arrived in that time frame...but wait until next year! Something tells me Adele will do just fine in the awards department.

And that's it for now, but as you know the charts never sleep! Join us in seven days for a new lineup.
