These are the five most popular songs in the Billboard Hot 100 Pop Singles chart, for the week ending December 5, 2015.
 
Two artists reign supreme over this week's lineup. There's another player in the mix, but really all you have to know are the names 
Number 5: Justin Bieber "What Do You Mean" 
Let's start with Justin, who rebounds a slot to fifth place with "What Do You Mean". He cancelled two New York appearances over Thanksgiving weekend, and instead bought drinks for patrons at a bar near the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. That's one way to get people to buy your album!
 
Not that Justin Bieber needs help. Purpose is our new number one album, and he occupies four of the Top 20 singles slots this week.
 
Number 4: Justin Bieber "Love Yourself"
Opening at number four is "Love Yourself", and things are just as good over in the UK, where the song is number one, with "Sorry" and "What Do You Mean" occupying second and fourth place.

Number 3: Drake "Hotline Bling" 
Let's take a break from the Bieber action for Drake, sliding a slot to number three with "Hotline Bling". Would Drake work with Adele?  Well after Adele mentioned that she loves Drake and would like to sing on a remix of "Hotline Bling", Drake said he'd do anything for Adele...including going to her house and washing her clothes. I don't think you have to go that far, Drake.

Number 2: Justin Bieber "Sorry" 
If you thought Justin Bieber was done with us...you are wrong. "Sorry" climbs a slot to number two. Now that his album is here, when will he hit the road?
On March 9, 2016, Justin will kick off his world tour in Seattle, Washington. North American dates run through July 19; international dates have yet to be announced.

Number 1: Adele "Hello" 
Our number one artist is also planning a tour: Adele is queen of the countdown for a fourth week with "Hello".
 
She begins touring in support of her 25 album on February 29 in Belfast, Northern Ireland. This will be Adele's first tour since 2011, the year she dominated music with her 21 album. Looks like history is repeating itself.
 
That's it for now, but we'll be back next week with a new hit list.